The Truth About Learning A Brief Lesson in Language 1
All knowledge we acquire can be described using language 2
Humans can pass on knowledge through language and writing 3
The purpose of language is to describe and convey perception
4 The elements of language are objects nouns and verbs
and perception adjectives and adverbs 5 The function of various
vocabulary 1 Nouns record things you can perceive whether abstract
or concrete 2 Verbs record actions you can perceive whether
active or passive 3 Adjectives record your perception of things
you can perceive 4 Adverbs modify verbs to record your
perception of actions you can perceive or modify adjectives to
record your perception of your perception of things you can
perceive 6 Language can be divided into two types natural
language and artificial language 7 Artificial language uses limited clear
and unambiguous vocabulary 8 Artificial language is a simplified version
of natural language unambiguous nouns unambiguous verbs and determiners 9
Scientific knowledge is expressed using artificial language which is a
simplified version of language